[Doc][KubeRay] Upgrade KubeRay and CRD versioning (#40555)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/cluster/kubernetes/troubleshooting/troubleshooting.md

# Contents

- [Upgrade KubeRay](#upgrade-kuberay)
- [Worker init container](#worker-init-container)
- [Cluster domain](#cluster-domain)
- [RayService](#rayservice)
- [GPU multi-tenancy](#gpu-multitenancy)
- [Other questions](#questions)

## Upgrade KubeRay

> If you have any issues with upgrading KubeRay, refer to the [upgrade guide](#kuberay-upgrade-guide).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have issues upgrading KubeRay, refer to the [upgrade guide](#kuberay-upgrade-guide).
```

Most issues are about the CRD version.

## Worker init container

> The KubeRay operator will inject a default [init container](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/init-containers/) into every worker Pod. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The KubeRay operator injects a default [init container](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/init-containers/) into every worker Pod. 
```
